Welcome everyone to our first GC event Capture the VIP. 

The map has been pre-setup by our event admins today and is ready for play so lets jump right into the rules and how to play before we get started.
if anyone forgets stuff or gets confused midgame feel free to ask in chat and we will help you out. 

The maximum duration the event will go on for is 2 hours, but it may end sooner as we will be doing 3 rounds, which end when a VIP is captured. 

How to play? 
Both teams will start parralel to eachother with their team's VIP in a nearby coluseum, the defending squad, and attack squad will be given 15 minutes to build and setup
defences within their area. Once this 15 minutes is over an announcment will be put out that the attack squads are free to assault the enemy base and attempt to steal their VIP.
After 20 minutes another announcmnet will be put out that ALL squads can attack the enemy base (for the first 20 mins deffense squads MUST stay at their base/VIP).

VIP Capture zones will be the center pad of the colosium behind the initial VIP Colosium (it will be marked by your teams event admin). 

(For attackers) - To capture a VIP you will need to engage them in melee combat (they will fight back) once you land a hit on them they will surrender and follow you where ever
you go. If the person who melee'd them dies/goes down they will slowly walk back to their original place in their VIP cage. To prevent them from doing this someone will
need to melee them again. 

(the player who escorts them back to their VIP capture zone will be granted a non-god tier weapon of their choice)

(For defenders) - You may chase after a captured VIP to recover them (also by melee to which they will then quickly return to their spot rather than slowly). 
However you may go no further than where you VIP is at to recapture them, and must return to your base after. 

Supplies will be restocked each round and after that you will need to manage your resources. 

Command squads will be taken by the VIP to prevent cheese victories by using assets. 


Squad Composition: These are what the squad CAN have as a maximum for each squad. 

ATTACK: 
Clones: 1x ARC trooper, 4x Commandos, 1x Medic
Additional(if there is pop for it):  1x Arc Trooper, 2x Heavy Rifleman, 1x Grenadier, 2x medic, 3x Jet Trooper

Droids:  1x BX Commando, 4x Magnaguard, 1x Medic
Additional(if there is pop for it):  1x Jet Trooper SL, 1x Grenadier, 2x medic, 6x Jet Trooper


DEFENSE: 
Clone: 1x ARC trooper, 2x Medic, 3x Z6, 2x Engineer, 2x Heavy Rifleman
Droid: 1x Tactical Droid, 2x Medic, 3x B2, 2x Engineer, 2x Heavy Rifleman

There will be only one squad of each type unless we get a population overflow to ensure the squad is full and active. 

The squads will be claimed by whoever creates them first and controlled by that person. (the same way our vehicles are claimed)

You will be restricted to staying within the city limits (we wont be super strict but if warned just head back) so that the action is kept in a concentrated area.

Any questions? Have fun! 
